Fix deps installation in makefile and adjust docs (#456)
packit/dashboard: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Guidelines for Developers

### Dependencies

`make install-dependencies` automatically installs `nodejs` and `npm` for you,
and additionally also `corepack` via `npm`. In case the installation fails,
follow [this](https://docs.npmjs.com/resolving-eacces-permissions-errors-when-installing-packages-globally)

> guide to set up a directory for `npm` in your home directory.

Reviewer: If it's included in NodeJS v16 and above it should just work without issue so seems unnecessary in that case

Reviewer: If dnf install works we can probably remove this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`make install-dependencies` automatically installs python dependencies and `pnpm`.
In case the `pnpm` installation fails, follow [this](https://pnpm.io/installation) guide for
different installation options.
```
